Hi, I'm Mandy.
Awakening the senses.
Feeling the warmth of the sun soaking around your body is like being wrapped up in a big
hug from the sky.
Sitting on the grass with heightened senses is a special gift.
Feeling the vibration rising from the earth, the energy and life coming from Mother Nature,
rising up to meet you, gently holding you.
Listening to nature breathing around us can help us to reconnect with our soul and to
be at one with our spirit and surroundings.
This reawakening of our spirit and soul can help us to find our authentic self, to live
as nature intended, living peacefully, joyfully, authentically.
Pacha Mama Sige Dando.
Mother Earth keeps on giving.